don't play around in a parking lot
hmm tada
whoa hey what is that this is a list of
everything we need to buy today really
oh all that brooms Mart's having a sale
right now we'd better hurry before
they're sold out of everything we need
can I get a video game I love new teddy
bear you guys I'm afraid those things
aren't on the list okay buckle up you
two
here we go oh yeah oh all of these cars
over there
mom look huh yes Luther are you all
right
oh my we're too late
hmm where is it ah oh there's already a
car there well mom looks like this isn't
going to work I'm not giving up huh a
parking spot hooray Oh heli
so house traffic in town actually Blues
Mart is having a sale and all the roads
around it or jammed up oh no I forgot
all about the sale I was going to get a
new bathing suit
but what if they're all sold out ha ha
Jin don't you think we should worry
about the traffic problem first heli
let's move out
ok
hmm okay now just wait for me to get the
door huh you should be more careful mom
I told you to wait mommy yes I'm okay
Donna okay please go now
whoo I think it's under control now
Kelly
how does it look over there well I've
still got a lot of cars headed to the
store really okay I'm coming to help
okay
so late I'm so late what's going on that
car is not driving safely mom I'll go
put this back
here's that car there's nowhere to park
ow
no stop oh man Oh parking lots are
dangerous places you should always watch
your children in them oh it happened so
fast as for you ma'am you cannot drive
that fast when you're in a parking lot
I'm just so sorry I was afraid I'd
missed the sale
Kevin Suzie you both need to listen to
me carefully and be cautious from now on
right you should not run or play in a
parking lot because you never know when
or where a car may pop out it's very
dangerous and it's easy to stumble over
a speed bump or parking block so you
should always walk slowly and look where
you're going also remember before you
get out of a car to make sure the car
has completely stopped and make sure no
cars around you are moving when you are
in a parking garage it is very dark and
hard to see so always be sure to walk
with an adult and also can you have got
to know it's extremely dangerous to ride
a bicycle or shopping cart in a parking
lot understand yes I do Poli
oh listen mom are we ever going to get
home almost done okay maybe if I put
this source